Get up to $360 in Bill Credits
Get up to $360 in bill credits

When you add a new line and purchase a new smartphone on a qualifying installment plan, and activate with an eligible AT&T Business UnlimitedSM plan.

You'll need to: 

Have a qualified Business Agreement for Corporate Responsibility User lines of service. 
Purchase a new compatible smartphone on qualifying 36-month installment plan, including taxes on full retail price (upfront). Tablets and refurbished devices not included.
Activate a new line of eligible postpaid wireless service: AT&T Business Unlimited Advanced ($80 per month for single line before discounts;after 50GB of data usage, AT&T may temporarily slow data speeds if the network is busy), or AT&T Business Unlimited Premium ($90 per month for single line before discounts) or AT&T Business Unlimited Premium 2.0 ($90 per month for single line before discounts) or AT&T Business Unlimited Premium 2.0 with AT&T Turbo® ($105 per month for single line before discounts). Video may be limited to SD (standard definition). Speed, usage, and other restrictions apply. See att.com/bizunlimited for details on these plans.
After all that you'll get: 

Up to $360 in bill credits over 36 months for each line that meets the requirements.

Important notes: 

Credits start within 3 bills and will be applied in equal amounts over the term of installment agreement. You will receive catch-up credits once bill credits start.
If you cancel eligible wireless service, your credits will end and you’ll owe the remaining balance on the installment agreement.
$0 down for well-qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors.
If buying on the AT&T Installment Plan℠ with AT&T Next Up AnytimeSM, customer is responsible and will not receive any credits for an additional $10 per month for the Next Up Anytime upgrade feature.
Conversions from AT&T Prepaid® and Cricket Wireless® are not eligible.
Additional terms 

To qualify for bill credits, wireless line must be on an installment agreement, and remain active and in good standing.
Installment agreement starts when device is shipped.
To get all the credits, the discounted device must remain on installment agreement, and you must keep eligible service for entire installment term.
If you upgrade or pay up or off the installment agreement on the discounted device early, your credits may cease.
You have 30 days to exchange or return the smartphone; a restocking fee of up to $55 may apply.
Pricing, promotions, programming, terms, and restrictions subject to change and may be modified or terminated at any time without notice.
